
// List of services on SAP cloud platform
// SAP Cloud Platform Cockpit
Home - Services (All: 68)
Analytics
Predictive Service (Perform predictive analysis on data in your SAP HANA database on SAP Cloud Platform)
SAP Analytics Cloud (All-in-one cloud platform for business intelligence, planning, and predictive analytics)
Smart Business Service (Helps visualizing and embedding analytical content in individual Fiori applications, tiles and interactive dashboards)
Streaming Analytics (Analyze and transform streams of messages or events as fast as they arrive)

Business Services
Data Quality Services(Embed data quality services to validate addresses and enrich with geocodes around the globe)
Market Rates Management(Get daily and historical currency exchange rates from the European Central Bank)
SAP RealSpend (Helps to build novel apps on SAP Cloud Platform incorporating financial data from S/4HANA)
Tax Service (Determine and compute indirect tax. Supports tax compliance in 120 countries)

Collaboration
Gamification(Allows to rapidly introduce gamification concepts into your applications)
Live Link for IN365-Email(Combine global delivery with a rich feature set to enable customer engagement by using email)
SAP Document Center(Formerly known as SAP Mobile Documents. Enables you to simplify file access for your enterprise)
SAP Jam(Build socially-infused applications and benefit from secure, social collaboration)

Data & Storage
Big Data Services(Complete Big Data as a Service offering: Hadoop, Spark, and other data science tools)
Document Service(Store and manage all your documents)
MongoDB(Store JSON-like documents in a document-oriented database)
Object Store(Highly-available and distributed object store)
PostgreSQL(Relational database with an object-oriented model)
Redis(Use Redis to store data structures, in-memory)
SAP ASE(Set up and manage SAP Adaptive Server Enterprise (ASE) databases and bind them to cloud applications)
SAP HANA(Set up and manage SAP HANA databases and bind them to cloud applications)

DevOps
Application Autoscaler(Automatically increase or decrease the number of application instances based on a policy you define)
Corp. Git Link for SAP Web IDE(Enables you to subscribe to Orion and manage connectivity to your Git repository)
Debugging Service(Debug your Java application even through networks with high latency)
Feature Flags(Control the rollout of new features)
Git Service(Allows to store and version source code in Git repositories)
Java Apps Lifecycle Management(Manages the lifecycle of Java applications using the service REST API)
Job Scheduler BETA (Allows you to define and manage your jobs that run on one-time or recurring schedules)
Logging Services(Create, access, and analyze application logs)
Monitoring Service(Access health status and metrics of Java applications)
Profiling Service(Profile your Java applications and use different kinds of analysis)
SAP RAD by Mendix(Develop SAP business applications for SAP Cloud Platform with a low-code, graphical toolset)
SAP Translation Hub(Translate UI texts and get suggestions for these texts during development)
SAP Web IDE(A web-based tool that enables you to create and extend end user applications for browsers and mobile devices)
SAP Web IDE Full-Stack(A web-based IDE that enables you to create and extend end-to-end SAP full-stack applications for browsers and mobile devices.
Solutions Lifecycle Management(Deploy, subscribe and transport Solutions using Multi-Target Applications (MTA))

Integration
API Management(Expose your data and processes as APIs for omni-channel consumption and manage the lifecycle of those APIs)
Business Rules(Enriches SAP Cloud offering with decisions modeling, management and execution services, as part of the SAP Cloud Platform.
Cloud Integration(Facilitates the integration of business processes)
Connectivity(Establishes secure and reliable connectivity between cloud applications and on-premise systems)
Destination
Provides a secure and reliable access to destination configurations.
OData Provisioning
Provides REST/OData services based on SAP Gateway content in the Application Server ABAP.
RabbitMQ
Use RabbitMQ for robust asynchronous messaging between applications.
SAP API Business Hub
Discover, explore and test the APIs offered by SAP.
Workflow
Automate business processes using workflow technology.
Internet of Things
Internet of Things
Enables customers and partners to develop, customize, and operate IoT business applications in the cloud.
Remote Data Sync
Allows data synchronization between remote databases and a consolidated HANA database on SAP Cloud Platform.
SAP IoT Application Enablement
Provides REST-based services and tools to easily create IoT applications.
SAP IoT Connect 365
Simplifies the complex connectivity, scalability, and management of IoT.
Machine Learning
SAP Leonardo Machine Learning
Provides machine learning readily consumable services using pre-trained models.
Mobile Services
Agentry
Develop and Run Agentry metadata-driven mobile applications in SAP Cloud environment.
App & Device Management
Manage and secure mobile apps and devices.
Development & Operations, std
Build and run mobile apps for B2E and B2B use cases.
Fiori Mobile
Optimize, build, manage and monitor SAP Fiori apps on mobile devices.
Live Link for SMS365
Combine global delivery with a rich feature set to enable businesses to engage customers using SMS.
Runtimes & Containers
Virtual Machines
Virtualized hardware resources (CPU, RAM, disk space, installed OS) to install and maintain your own Linux-based software.
Security
Authorization & Trust Management
Manage application authorizations and trust to identity providers.
Identity Authentication
Provides services for user login, registration, authentication, and access to SAP Cloud Platform applications.
Identity Directory
BETA
Stores and manages users and groups in the Identity Provisioning service.
Identity Provisioning
Automates provisioning and de-provisioning of identities and authorizations for cloud applications.
Keystore Service
Secure repository for cryptographic keys and certificates.
Live Link for Authentication 365
Supports generation and validation of OTP's or verification codes with a variety of configurable features.
OAuth 2.0 Service
Protect applications and APIs with OAuth 2.0.
Platform Identity Provider
Use your own Identity Authentication tenant for managing your account members, configuring strong authentication and much more.
User Experience
Build
Create user-friendly interactive prototypes, based on end-user feedback studies, without writing any code.
Feedback Service
BETA
Collect and analyze user feedback for your applications.
Forms by Adobe
Generates print and interactive forms using Adobe Document Services.
Portal
Create freestyle and SAP Fiori launchpad style business sites for employees, customers, and partners.
UI Theme Designer
Create custom themes to apply your corporate branding to your SAP Fiori launchpad (Portal) and SAPUI5 applications.






